# Did your kid really say that? An analysis on perceptions of child-speech 

Child language-acquisition has been widely studied in linguistics and includes analyses of vocabulary development, pragmatics of belief reports, language production itself, and many other focuses. A common thread uniting much of the prior literature surrounding language acquisition is its concern with what the child is actually learning and perceiving. In other words, linguists are primarily interested in how children formulate the necessary linguistic structures for language, but are not as concerned with how adults perceive children's ability to acquire language. While perhaps not as pressing a research topic,  adult perception of child language could influence child-directed speech and the development of early education programs. Prior work has shown that child-directed speech could be positively influenced by a parent's knowledge of child development. Information on how adults perceive a child's ability to produce language at varying ages could therefore be a helpful supplement to this study of child-directed speech in relation to parental knowledge. Additionally, adults necessarily construct early education materials and programs, which should be continually analyzed for improvement, biases, etc. Here, the adult perception of child language could also be relevant, as this is most likely shaping educational programs to some degree. 

Based on these motivations, the following project will seek to explore adult perceptions of child language at a small scale. Specifically, this research focuses on analyzing the linguistics behind a recent meme that became popularized on Twitter and Reddit called the "woke toddler meme". The "woke toddler meme' describes a series of tweets where posters quote a child saying something that is widely agreed on these social media sites to be an unlikely statement for a child to make. What is particularly interesting about these tweets is the popularity they garnered due to their agreed-upon outlandishness. 

The popularity of these tweets grew to inspire a subreddit called r/wokekids. Within this subreddit, there is a correlation between the upvote rate a post receives and whether or not the community is in agreement on the likelihood of a quote being said by a child. If a post receives a relatively lower upvote rate, then the comments beneath the post typically contain discourse, with many comments saying that a quotation was plausible for a child to say. The pattern seen on this subreddit raises the general question: What language features might be correlated with people not believing a child said a quote versus being split on whether or not a child said a quote? To answer this question, the following research curates a small-scale dataset of "woke toddler meme" tweets from r/wokekids and analyzes the language for two variables based on the prior literature discussed above: (1) abstraction and (2) word frequency in the general English lexicon. 
